Jessie Norwood, gaily excited, came bounding into her sitting room waving a slit envelope over her sunny head, her face alight. She wore a pretty silk slip-on, a sports skirt, and silk hose and oxfords that her chum, Amy Drew, pronounced "the very swellest of the swell."

Beside Amy in the sitting room was Nell Stanley, busy with sewing in her lap. The two visitors looked up in some surprise at Jessie's boisterous entrance, for usually she was the demurest of creatures.

"What's happened to the family now, Jess?" asked Amy, tossing back her hair. "Who has written you a billet-doux?"

"Nobody has written to me," confessed Jessie. "But just think, girls! Here is another five dollars by mail for the hospital fund."

Jessie had been acting as her mother's secre[Pg 2]tary of late, and Mrs. Norwood was at the head of the committee that had in charge the raising of the foundation fund for the New Melford Women's and Children's Hospital.

"That radio concert panned out wonderfully," Amy said. "If I'd done it all myself it could have been no better," and she grinned elfishly.

"We did a lot to help," said Nell seriously. "And I think it was just wonderful, our singing into the broadcasting horns."

"This five dollars," said Jessie, soberly, "was contributed by girls who earned the money themselves for the hospital. That is why I am saving the envelope and letter. I am going to write them and congratulate them for mother, when I get time."

"Never was such a success as that radio concert," Amy said proudly. "I have received no public resolution of thanks for suggesting it——"

"I am not sure that you suggested it any more than the rest of us," laughed Jessie.

"I like that!"

"I feel that I had a share in it. The Reverend says it was the most successful money-raising affair he ever had anything to do with," laughed Nell. "And he, as a minister, has had a broad experience." The motherless Nell Stanley, young as she was, was the very efficient head of the household in the parsonage. She always spoke[Pg 3] affectionately of her father as "the Reverend."

"Yes. It is a week now, and the money continues to come in," Jessie agreed. "But now that the excitement is over——"

"We should look for more excitement," said Amy promptly. "Excitement is the breath of Life. Peace is stagnation. The world moves, and all that. If we get into a rut we are soon ready for the Old Lady's Home over beyond Chester."

"I'm sure," returned Jessie, a little hotly, "we are always doing something, Amy. We do not stagnate."

"Sure!" scoffed her chum, in continued vigor of speech. "We go swizzing along like a snail! 'Fast' is the name for us—tied fast to a post. Molasses running up hill in January is about our natural pace here in Roselawn."

Nell burst into gay laughter. "Go on! Keep it up! Your metaphors are wonderfully apt, Miss Drew. Do tell us what we are to do to get into high and show a little speed?"

"Well, now, for instance," said Amy promptly, her face glowing suddenly with excitement, "I have been waiting for somebody to suggest what we are going to do the rest of the summer. But thus far nobody has said a thing about it."

"Well, Reverend has his vacation next month. You know that," said Nell slowly and quite seri[Pg 4]ously. "It is a problem how we can all go away. And I am not sure that it is right that we should all tag after him. He ought to have a rest from Fred and Bob and Sally and me."

Jessie smiled at the minister's daughter appreciatively. "I wonder if you ought not to have a rest away from the family, Nell?"

"Hear! Hear!" cried Amy Drew.

"Don't be foolish," laughed Nell Stanley. "I should worry my head off if I did not have Sally with me, anyway. I think we'd better go up to the farm where we went last year."

"'Farm' doesn't spell anything for me," said Amy, tossing her head. "Cows and crickets, horses and grasshoppers, haystacks and hicks!"

"But we could have our radio along," Jessie said quietly. "I could disconnect this one"—pointing to her receiving set by the window—"and we might carry it along. It is easy enough to string the antenna."

"O-oh!" groaned her chum. "She calls it easy! And I pretty nearly strained my back in two distinct places helping fix those wires after Mark Stratford's old aeroplane tore them down."

"Well, you want some excitement, you say," said Jessie composedly. She went to the radio instrument, sat down before it, adjusted a set of the earphones, and opened the switch. "I wonder what is going on at this time," she murmured.

[Pg 5]

Amy suddenly cocked her head to listen, although it could not be that she heard what came through the ether.

"Listen!" she cried.

"What under the sun is that?" demanded the clergyman's daughter, in amazement.

Jessie murmured at the radio receiver:

"Don't make so much noise, girls. I can't hear myself think, let alone what might come over the air-waves."

"Hear that!" shrieked Amy, jumping up. "That is no radio message, believe me! It comes from no broadcasting station. Listen, girls!"

She raised the screen at a window and leaned out. Jessie, removing the tabs from her ears, likewise gained some understanding of what was going on outside. A shrill voice was shrieking:

"Miss Jessie! Miss Jessie! I got the most wonderful thing to tell you. Oh, Miss Jessie!"

"For pity's sake!" murmured Jessie.

"Isn't that little Hen from Dogtown?" asked Nell Stanley.

"That is exactly who it is," agreed Amy, starting for the door. "Little Hen is one live wire. 'O-Be-Joyful' Henrietta is never lukewarm. There is always something doing with that child."

"Do you suppose she can be in trouble?" asked Jessie, worriedly.

"If she is, I guarantee it will be something[Pg 6] funny," replied Amy, whisking out of the room.

"Miss Jessie! Miss Jessie! I want to tell you!" repeated the shrill voice from the front of the Norwood house.

"Come on, Jessie," said Nell, dropping her work and starting, too. "The child evidently wants you."

The others followed Amy Drew down to the porch. The Norwood house where Jessie, an only child, lived with her mother and her father, a lawyer who had his office in New York, was a large dwelling even for Roselawn, which was a district of fine houses forming a part of the town of New Melford. The house was set in the middle of large grounds. Roses were everywhere—beds and beds of them. At one side was the boathouse and landing at the head of Lake Mononset. At the foot of the front lawn was Bonwit Boulevard, across which stood the house where Amy Drew lived with her father, Wilbur Drew, also a New York lawyer, and her mother and her brother Darrington.

But it was that which stood directly before the gateway of the Norwood place which attracted the gaze of the three girls. A little old basket phaeton, drawn by a fat and sleepy looking brown-and-white pony, and driven by a grinning boy in overalls and with bare feet, made an object quite odd enough to stare at. The little girl sitting so[Pg 7] very straight in the phaeton, and holding a green parasol over her head, was bound to attract the amused attention of any on-looker.

"Oh, look at little Hen!" gasped Amy, who was ahead.

"And Montmorency Shannon," agreed Jessie. "Don't laugh, girls! You'll hurt their feelings."

"Then I'll have to shut my eyes," declared Amy. "That parasol! And those freckles! They look green under it. Dear me, Nell, did you ever see such funny children in your life as those Dogtown kids?"

Jessie ran down the steps and the path to the street. When the freckled child saw her coming she stood up and waved the parasol at the Roselawn girl.

Henrietta Haney was a child in whom the two Roselawn girls had become much interested while she had lived in the Dogtown district of New Melford with Mrs. Foley and her family. Montmorency Shannon was a red-haired urchin from the same poor quarters, and he and Henrietta were the best of friends.

"Oh, Miss Jessie! Miss Jessie! What d'you think? I'm rich!"

"She certainly is rich," choked Amy, following her chum with Nell Stanley. "She's a scream."

"What do you mean—that you are rich, Henrietta?" Jessie asked, smiling at her little protégé.

[Pg 8]

"I tell you, I am rich. Or, I am goin' to be. I own an island and everything. And there's bungleloos on it, and fishing, and a golf course, and everything. I am rich."

"What can the child mean?" asked Jessie Norwood, looking back at her friends. "She sounds as though she believed it was actually so."

[Pg 9]

CHAPTER II

A PUZZLING QUESTION

Little Henrietta Haney, with her green parasol and her freckles, came stumbling out of the low phaeton, so eager to tell Jessie the news that excited her that she could scarcely make herself understood at all. She fairly stuttered.

"I'm rich! I got an island and everything!" she crowed, over and over again. Then she saw Amy Drew's delighted countenance and she added: "Don't you laugh, Miss Amy, or I won't let you go to my island at all. And there's radio there."

"For pity's sake, Henrietta!" cried Jessie. "Where is this island?"

"Where would it be? Out in the water, of course. There's water all around it," declared the freckle-faced child in vigorous language. "Don't you s'pose I know where an island ought to be?"

At that Amy Drew burst into laughter. In fact, Jessie Norwood's chum found it very diffi[Pg 10]cult on most occasions to be sober when there was any possibility of seeing an occasion for laughter. She found amusement in almost everything that happened.

But that made her no less helpful to Jessie when the latter had gained her first interest in radio telephony. Whatever these two Roselawn girls did, they did together. If Jessie planned to establish a radio set, Amy Drew was bound to assist in the actual stringing of the antenna and in the other work connected therewith. They always worked hand in hand.

In the first volume of this series, entitled "The Radio Girls of Roselawn," the chums and their friends fell in with a wealth of adventures, and one of the most interesting of those adventures was connected with little Henrietta Haney, whom Amy had just now called "O-Be-Joyful" Henrietta.

The more fortunate girls had been able to assist Henrietta, and finally had found her cousin, Bertha Blair, with whom little Henrietta now lived. By the aid of radio telephony, too, Jessie and Amy and their friends were able to help in several charitable causes, including that of the building of the new hospital.

In the second volume, "The Radio Girls on the Program," the friends had the chance to speak and sing at the Stratfordtown broadcasting sta[Pg 11]tion. It was an opportunity toward which they had long looked forward, and that exciting day they were not likely soon to forget.

A week had passed, and during that time Jessie knew that little Henrietta had been taken to Stratfordtown by her Cousin Bertha, where they were to live with Bertha's uncle, who was the superintendent of the Stratford Electric Company's sending station. The appearance of the wildly excited little girl here in Roselawn on this occasion was, therefore, a surprise.

Jessie Norwood seized hold of Henrietta by the shoulders and halted her wild career of dancing. She looked at Montmorency Shannon accusingly and asked:

"Do you know what she is talking about?"

"Sure, I do."

"Well, what does she mean?"

"She's been talking like that ever since I picked her up. This is Cabbage-head Tony's pony. You know, he sells vegetables down on the edge of town. Spotted Snake——"

"Don't call Henrietta that!" cried Jessie, reprovingly.

"Well, she gave the name to herself when she played being a witch," declared the Shannon boy defensively. "Anyway, Hen came down to Dogtown last evening and hired me to drive her over here this morning."

[Pg 12]

"And when I get some of my money that's coming to me with that island," broke in Henrietta, "I'll buy Montmorency an automobile to drive me around in. This old pony is too slow—a lot too slow!"

"Listen to that!" crowed Amy, in delight.

"But do tell us about the island, child," urged Nell Stanley, likewise interested.

"A man came to Cousin Bertha's house, where we live with her uncle. His name is Blair, too; it isn't Haney. Well, this man said: 'Are you Padriac Haney's little girl?' And I told him yes, that I wasn't grown up yet like Bertha. And so he asked a lot of questions of Mr. Blair. They was questions about my father and where he was married to my mother, and where I was born, and all that."

"But where does the island come in?" demanded Amy.

"Now, don't you fuss me all up, Miss Amy," admonished the child. "Where was I at!"

"You was at the Norwood place. I brought you," said young Shannon.

"Don't you think I know that?" demanded the little girl scornfully. "Well, it's about Padriac Haney's great uncle," she hastened to say. "Padriac was my father's name and his great uncle—I suppose that means that he was awful big—p'r'aps like that fat man in the circus we[Pg 13] saw. But his name was Padriac too, and he left all his money and islands and golf courses to my father. So it is coming to me."

"Goodness!" exclaimed Nell Stanley. "Did you ever hear such a jumbled-up affair?"

But Montmorency Shannon nodded solemnly. "Guess it's so. Mrs. Foley was telling my mother something about it. And Spot—I mean, Hen, must have fallen heiress to money, for she give me a whole half dollar to drive her over here," and his grin appeared again.

"What I want to know is the name of the island, child?" demanded Amy, recovering from her laughter.

"Well, it's got a name all right," said Henrietta. "It is Station Island. And there's a hotel on it. But that hotel don't belong to me. And the radio station don't belong to me."

"O-oh! A radio station!" repeated Jessie. "That sounds awfully interesting. I wonder where it is!"

"But the golf course belongs to me, and some bungleloos," added the child, mispronouncing the word with her usual emphasis. "And we are going out to this island to spend the summer—Bertha and me. Mrs. Blair says we can. And she will go, too. The man that knows about it has told the Blairs how to get there and—and—I invite you, Miss Jessie, and you, Miss Amy, to[Pg 14] come out on Station Island and visit us. Oh, we'll have fun!"

"That sounds better than any old farm," cried Amy, gaily. "I accept, Hen, on the spot. You can count on me."

"If it is all right so that we can go, I will promise to visit you, dear," Jessie agreed. "But, you know, we really will have to learn more about it."

"Cousin Bertha will tell you," said the freckle-faced child, eagerly. "I run away to come down here to the Foleys, so as to tell you first. You are the very first folks I have ever invited to come to live on my island."

"Ain't you going to let me come, Spot—I mean, Hen?" asked Monty Shannon, who sat sidewise on the seat and was paying very little attention to the pony.

As a matter of fact, the pony belonging to the vegetable vender was so old and sedate that one would scarcely think it necessary to watch him. But at this very moment a red car, traveling at a pace much over the legal speed on a public highway, came dashing around the turn just below the Norwood house. It took the turn on two wheels, and as it swerved dangerously toward the curb where the pony stood, its rear wheels skidded.

[Pg 15]

"Look out!" shrieked Amy. "That car is out of control! Look, Jess!"

Her chum, by looking at it, nor the observation of any other bystander, could scarcely avert the disaster that Amy Drew feared. But she was so excited that she scarcely knew what she shouted. And her mad gestures and actions utterly amazed Jessie.

"Have you got Saint Vitus's dance, Amy Drew?" Jessie demanded.

The red, low-hung car wabbled several times back and forth across the oiled driveway. They saw a hatless young fellow in front behind the wheel. In the narrow tonneau were two girls, and if they were not exactly frightened they did not look happy.

Nell Stanley cried: "It's Bill Brewster's racing car; and he's got Belle and Sally with him."

"Belle and Sally!" shrieked Amy.